Before thousands of delegates can be invited to a large convention, there is a significant amount of work that needs to take place.
We joined some of the volunteers behind the scenes.
About a year and a half ago the branch called and invited me to help out with the international conventions.
February of 2013, we were invited to work in Rooming and it was confidential. We couldn't even tell our wives what we were doing.
We came from North Little Rock, Arkansas, where it was a Buckingham, Pennsylvania, the assembly hall here, to construct these stages.
We're going to go to each of the conventions and assist the brothers to put these together on the fields there.
I serve on the hospitality committee. I've been involved in this project for over a year now.
An event of this size takes a lot of organization and we haven't had a convention in Seattle really for decades.
So it went into educating the friends so that they are enthused as we are to support the effort.
When we all first got the assignment, we didn't know what we had in front of us, which might have been a blessing at the time.
But we knew that Jehovah would step in.
Our whole life revolves around theocratic service. We always look for the opportunities to serve Jehovah and our brothers no matter what it is really.
It was a bit overwhelming to say the least. The initial request was to have 500 people here every single day.
All the congregations were given questionnaires, the friends to fill out. We had over 3,000 individuals from the Seattle area fill those out.
We pray that Jehovah is always to be used. We have a willing spirit and we want to be used in any capacity that we can.
And to be asked to be here to take part in this is a great privilege.
Why did I want to be part of this?
Well, the question to me should be why not be part of it. I mean, it's exciting, it's for Jehovah, it's people.
So there is no way I would have let that pass.
What I do, I serve Jehovah and anything Jehovah asks, we try to do.
Out of the group that we've asked to assist in all these different trades, there's quite a few trades represented.
None of them said they were unavailable or could not make room for it.
The volunteer spirit here has been just incredible.
The letter we sent out that described the activities, let them clearly know that all they'd be doing is coming here, greeting the friends and leaving.
They'd be here maybe an hour and that didn't deter a single person.
I enjoy volunteering because it allows me an opportunity to show my appreciation to the organization, to Jehovah.
It gives me opportunities to demonstrate my love for the brotherhood.
I'm professionally for my business and so I just decided to make it a priority and this Jehovah was my top client.
I really wanted the opportunity to come and sing for people that came from Portugal and Spain to make them happy.
Many times I thought, I just don't know how this is going to work.
We didn't know whether we would have enough, even for one cast, for one evening program and we had 14 to put on.
Yes, we need to get each cast over 100 acts.
Every couple of months we would have a video conference with the branch, which is really nice to see those brothers face to face, get to know them.
The assignment of this magnitude can be physically draining because you're busy, you're worried.
They took the time to give us some of their time, their attention to provide us with the direction that we needed.
We would oftentimes ask a lot of questions, they didn't have the answers, which made us feel better because they had to go to maybe their oversight, to the teaching committee,
to the branch committee to find some of the answers.
So we all felt we were kind of in it together, trying to make this work together.
In those times of discouragement, it never failed that an email would show up or a card, thanking myself and my family for what we're doing and the other brothers and always an expression of their thoughts and prayers on our behalf.
Boy, that just energized you, you're ready to go again.
The friends responded admirably, it was amazing.
The first day we had 500, we'd be hitting that quota.
So it was great to see the entire parking lot full with smiling faces and signs and people screaming and yelling to the delegates.
It was a wonderful sight.
It's completely Jehovah's Hand, it's pretty cool.
I am serving as one of the 800 volunteers here.
I'm serving as a waitress.
I came here today to welcome my brothers and sisters from Russia, from just all different parts of the world.
I don't know them, but I know I love them. They're my brothers.
And I tell you what, when I went to their countries as a kid, they showed me the same love.
And so I'm happy to give it back to them.
We've spent a lot of hours, and as I know myself, I've spent 180 in March.
And I'm about 120 this month, but still getting out in the ministry.
There was one brother who asked my age, he was from Japan, and he said his mother had died.
He said, you will be my mother.
And that was just so dear to me, and I just hugged, and we hugged each other.
Friends are excited, they're willing to volunteer, they're donating their time, their resources, everything.
I think the benefit is that it invigorates some spiritually, and it invigorates them to do more in Jehovah's Service.
Even though we were behind the scenes in doing the work, and though some I think it's a thankless job,
just knowing that we did all for Jehovah and our brothers, and how they were able to enjoy it makes it whole worth it.
Volunteering to be a greeter has really strengthened my faith as one of Jehovah's Witnesses.
We're doing this for our brothers and sisters, but I think we're getting way more out of it than we feel like they're going to get.
100%, I would do it again.
Without a doubt, if we were asked tomorrow to start another project on this stuff, we would start at no problem.
It makes that it's been a life-changing experience.
I just enjoy it, thank you.